README.md, before:

# Bank node
## Program's purpose
This application serves as a bank accounts storage. It can store data in a MySQL database, a JSON file or RAM.
## Requirements
- [.net8.0](https://www.oracle.com/java/technologies/downloads/#jdk21-windows)
- [MySQL 8.0.44](https://dev.mysql.com/downloads/installer/) 
  - The user whose credentials are filled in the *bin/Debug/net8.0/appsettings.json* file must have privileges for reading, writing, updating and deleting to use the app as intended.
## How to run program
**CREATE RELEASE**
### Configuration
The app loads credentials from *bin/Debug/net8.0/appsettings.json*. The content of the file may look something like this:
```json
{
  "Storage":{
    "PrefferedStrategy": "mysql"
  },
  "Server":{
    "IPAddress": "127.0.0.1",
    "Port": 65525,
    "Timeout": 10000
  },
  "Peers": {
    "PortStart": 65525,
    "PortEnd": 65535,
    "Timeout": 10000
  },
  "Database": {
    "Server": "localhost",
    "Port": 3306,
    "Database": "bank",
    "User": "root",
    "Password": ""
  }
}
```
Do not change the location of this config file, or it's name. If you do, the program will end with an error.
Do not change the JSON keys. If you do, the program will end with an error.
### Database setup
Use the *database_setup/generation-script.sql* to create the database and it's table on your MySQL server.
### Running the binary file
Double-click on the *bin/Debug/net8.0/P2P.exe*.
## Contact
If you have any questions regarding this project, or you'd like to contribute, do not hesitate to contact us.
- e-mail address: relich@post.cz
- Discord: boootyshaker9000, anicka.m

Commit message:

docs(README): Update README.md with command explanations

README.md, after:

# Bank node
## Program's purpose
This application serves as a bank accounts storage. It can store data in a MySQL database, a JSON file or RAM.
## Requirements
- [.net8.0](https://www.oracle.com/java/technologies/downloads/#jdk21-windows)
- [MySQL 8.0.44](https://dev.mysql.com/downloads/installer/) 
  - The user whose credentials are filled in the *bin/Debug/net8.0/appsettings.json* file must have privileges for reading, writing, updating and deleting to use the app as intended.
## How to run program
**CREATE RELEASE**
### Configuration
The app loads credentials from *bin/Debug/net8.0/appsettings.json*. The content of the file may look something like this:
```json
{
  "Storage":{
    "PrefferedStrategy": "mysql"
  },
  "Server":{
    "IPAddress": "127.0.0.1",
    "Port": 65525,
    "Timeout": 10000
  },
  "Peers": {
    "PortStart": 65525,
    "PortEnd": 65535,
    "Timeout": 10000
  },
  "Database": {
    "Server": "localhost",
    "Port": 3306,
    "Database": "bank",
    "User": "root",
    "Password": ""
  }
}
```
Do not change the location of this config file, or it's name. If you do, the program will end with an error.
Do not change the JSON keys. If you do, the program will end with an error.
### Database setup
Use the *database_setup/generation-script.sql* to create the database and it's table on your MySQL server.
### Running the binary file
Double-click on the *bin/Debug/net8.0/P2P.exe*.
### Commands
#### Overview of all allowed commands

| Name | Code | Call | Success Response | Error Response |
| :--- | :--- | :--- | :--- | :--- |
| Bank code | `BC` | `BC` | `BC <ip>` | `ER <message>` |
| Account create | `AC` | `AC` | `AC <account>/<ip>` | `ER <message>` |
| Account deposit | `AD` | `AD <account>/<ip> <number>` | `AD` | `ER <message>` |
| Account withdrawal | `AW` | `AW <account>/<ip> <number>` | `AW` | `ER <message>` |
| Account balance | `AB` | `AB <account>/<ip>` | `AB <number>` | `ER <message>` |
| Account remove | `AR` | `AR <account>/<ip>` | `AR` | `ER <message>` |
| Bank (total) amount | `BA` | `BA` | `BA <number>` | `ER <message>` |
| Bank number of clients | `BN` | `BN` | `BN <number>` | `ER <message>` |

#### Explanation for `<ip>`, `<account>` and `<number>`

* **`<ip>`**: IP address in the format 0.0.0.0 to 255.255.255.255, which is used as the bank code, i.e., the unique identifier of each bank in our network.
* **`<account>`**: A positive integer in the range 10000 to 99999 (ten thousand to ninety-nine thousand nine hundred ninety-nine).
* **`<number>`**: A non-negative integer in the range 0 to 9223372036854775807 (zero to two to the power of sixty-three minus one, i.e., the size of a 64-bit data type, usually denoted as long).

#### Explanation for the ER command and `<message>`

If program fails or receives an invalid command, it returns the code `ER` followed by an error message in English.
## Contact
If you have any questions regarding this project, or you'd like to contribute, do not hesitate to contact us.
- e-mail address: relich@post.cz
- Discord: boootyshaker9000, anicka.m
